Readme.md, before:

## PlainTasks
An opinionated todo-list plugin for Sublime Text 2 editor
![](http://f.cl.ly/items/2y2m3v1i0S2V1t2m2A0e/Screen%20Shot%202012-04-21%20at%2012.27.05%20AM.png)

## Installation
To install this plugin, you have two options:

1. Clone source code to Sublime Text 2 packages folder, in Mac it is `~/Library/Application Support/Sublime Text 2/Packages`.
2. If you have Package Control installed, simply search for `PlainTasks` to install.

## Start a new todo-list
Bring up the command palette (it's `⌘ + shift + p`  in OS X and `ctrl + shift + p` in Windows) and type `task` and select `Tasks: New document` command. 

**NOTE:** Save your todo files with `todo`, `todolist`, `tasks` or `taskpaper` file extensions or just name them `TODO` with no extension.

## Usage
**NOTE:** In windows or Linux use `ctrl` instead of `⌘`

☐ **`⌘ + enter` or `⌘ + i`**: new task

☐ **`⌘ + d`**: toggle task as completed. You can also use your mouse to mark a task a completed. just hold down `⌘` (or `ctrl` if you're on Windows or Linux) and click the task. Clicking again will toggle the task back to the pending state.

☐ **`⌘ + shift + a`** will archive the done tasks, by removing them from your list and appending them to the bottom of the file under Archive project

☐ Anything with colon at the end of the line is a project title, you can also nest projects by indenting them. 

☐ You can write plain text as notes or descriptions wherever you want.

☐ You can add tags using **`@`** sign

☐ PlainTasks comes with a simple snippet for creating separators, if you feel that your task list is becoming too long you can split it into several sections (and fold some of them) using this snippet:

`--` and then `tab key` will give you this: `--- ✄ -----------------------`

### Editor Useful Tools:

☐ Use **`⌘ + control + up/down (ctrl+shift+up/down on Windows)`** to move tasks up and down.

☐ Use **`⌘ + r`** to see a list of projects and quickly jump between them


★ See the [Tutorial](https://github.com/aziz/PlainTasks/blob/master/messages/Tutorial.todo) for more detailed information.

## Settings
PlainTasks is an opinionated plugin, which means that it is highly configured to look in a specific way. but this does not mean that you can not customize it. If you feel that something does not look right and you want to change it, you can easily do it in your user settings file. 

Go to `Preferences > Package Settings > PlainTasks` and open `Settings - User`, there you can override all the default settings. to get an idea you can take a look at `Settings - Default`.

Here is a list of PlainTasks' specific settings:

* **open_tasks_bullet**  
  Default: ☐  
  other valid options: - ❍ ❑ ■ □ ☐ ▪ ▫ – — ≡ → ›

* **done_tasks_bullet**  
  Default: ✔  
  other valid options: + ✓

* **date_format**  
  Default: (%y-%m-%d %H:%M)

* **done_tag**  
  Default: true
  Determines whether done tasks should gain a @done tag or not    


## [BONUS] Custom todo icon
PlainTasks comes with a custom todo icon that you can find in the `icons` folder. You can assign it to your todo files to give them a better look and distinguish them from other plain text files. Google and find out how to assign a custom icon to a file type in your operating system.

![](http://f.cl.ly/items/2t312B30121l2X1l0927/todo-icon.png)

## Contributors
- [Dominique Wahli](https://github.com/bizoo)
- [Jesse Robertson](https://github.com/speilberg0)

## Inspiration
- Thanks to Chagel for the [iTodo plugin](https://github.com/chagel/itodo).  
- Thanks to [Taskmate for TextMate](https://github.com/svenfuchs/taskmate).
- Thanks to [TaskPaper Mac application from hogbaysoftware.com](http://www.hogbaysoftware.com/products/taskpaper)

## License
Copyright 2012 Allen Bargi. Licensed under the MIT License

Commit message:

Updated Readmes with some modification information. Added Screenshot.

Readme.md, after:

## PlainTasksOF
Forked mod of [PlainTasks](https://github.com/aziz/PlainTasks), an opinionated todo-list plugin for Sublime Text 2, with OmniFocus Stylings
![](http://f.cl.ly/items/093h2W1V450U183k3R2L/Screen%20Shot%202012-09-18%20at%203.29.27%20PM.PNG)

This has only been tested on a Mac. For a much better, more universal experience, go check out [Allen Bargi's original PlainTasks](https://github.com/aziz/PlainTasks).

## Installation
To install this plugin clone source code to Sublime Text 2 packages folder, in Mac it is `~/Library/Application Support/Sublime Text 2/Packages`.

## Start a new todo-list
Bring up the command palette (it's `⌘ + shift + p`  in OS X and `ctrl + shift + p` in Windows) and type `task` and select `Tasks: New document` command. 

**NOTE:** Save your todo files with `todo`, `todolist`, `tasks` or `taskpaper` file extensions or just name them `TODO` with no extension.

## Usage
**NOTE:** In windows or Linux use `ctrl` instead of `⌘`

☐ **`enter` or `⌘ + i`**: new task

☐ **`⌘ + enter` or `return` on the numpad**: blank carriage return

☐ **`⌘ + d`**: toggle task as completed. You can also use your mouse to mark a task a completed. just hold down `⌘` (or `ctrl` if you're on Windows or Linux) and click the task. Clicking again will toggle the task back to the pending state.

☐ **`⌘ + shift + a`** will archive the done tasks, by removing them from your list and appending them to the bottom of the file under Archive project

☐ Anything with colon at the end of the line is a project title, you can also nest projects by indenting them. 

☐ You can write plain text as notes or descriptions wherever you want.

☐ You can add tags using **`@`** sign

☐ PlainTasks comes with a simple snippet for creating separators, if you feel that your task list is becoming too long you can split it into several sections (and fold some of them) using this snippet:

`--` and then `tab key` will give you this: `--- ✄ -----------------------`

### Editor Useful Tools:

☐ Use **`⌘ + control + up/down (ctrl+shift+up/down on Windows)`** to move tasks up and down.

☐ Use **`⌘ + r`** to see a list of projects and quickly jump between them


★ See the [Tutorial](https://github.com/aziz/PlainTasks/blob/master/messages/Tutorial.todo) for more detailed information.

## Settings
PlainTasks is an opinionated plugin, which means that it is highly configured to look in a specific way. but this does not mean that you can not customize it. If you feel that something does not look right and you want to change it, you can easily do it in your user settings file. 

Go to `Preferences > Package Settings > PlainTasks` and open `Settings - User`, there you can override all the default settings. to get an idea you can take a look at `Settings - Default`.

Here is a list of PlainTasks' specific settings:

* **open_tasks_bullet**  
  Default: ☐  
  other valid options: - ❍ ❑ ■ □ ☐ ▪ ▫ – — ≡ → ›

* **done_tasks_bullet**  
  Default: ✔  
  other valid options: + ✓

* **date_format**  
  Default: (%y-%m-%d %H:%M)

* **done_tag**  
  Default: true
  Determines whether done tasks should gain a @done tag or not    


## [BONUS] Custom todo icon
PlainTasks comes with a custom todo icon that you can find in the `icons` folder. You can assign it to your todo files to give them a better look and distinguish them from other plain text files. Google and find out how to assign a custom icon to a file type in your operating system.

![](http://f.cl.ly/items/2t312B30121l2X1l0927/todo-icon.png)

## Contributors
- [Dominique Wahli](https://github.com/bizoo)
- [Jesse Robertson](https://github.com/speilberg0)

## Inspiration
- Thanks to Chagel for the [iTodo plugin](https://github.com/chagel/itodo).  
- Thanks to [Taskmate for TextMate](https://github.com/svenfuchs/taskmate).
- Thanks to [TaskPaper Mac application from hogbaysoftware.com](http://www.hogbaysoftware.com/products/taskpaper)

## License
Copyright 2012 Allen Bargi. Licensed under the MIT License
